Machine learning docs 10.15 (#582)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/machine-learning/web-app-mlw-bundle/projects.md

Once the files are uploaded, they will be placed under the respective categories.

<a name="deleting-resources"></a>
### Deleting resources

> To delete resource(s), click **Projects** in the navigator, select the projects from which you want to delete and select the resource category (for example, Data), a delete icon will appear on top right corner. Click the icon to delete the selected resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To delete resource(s), click **Projects** in the navigator, select the projects from which you want to delete resources and select the resource category (for example, Data). Click the delete icon on top right corner to delete the selected resource.
```

![Resource delete](/images/zementis/mlw-app-delete-resources.png)

<a name="committing-a-project-version"></a>
### Committing a project version

> To commit a project with its resources for versioning, click the plus icon <img src="/images/zementis/mlw-commit-add-icon.png" alt="Commit" style="display:inline-block; margin:0"> at the top, next to project name and click **Commit Project**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To commit a project with its resources for versioning, click the plus icon <img src="/images/zementis/mlw-commit-add-icon.png" alt="Commit" style="display:inline-block; margin:0"> at the top, next to the project name, and click **Commit Project**.
```

Click **Tasks** in the navigator and click the respective task name, which in this case is the project name underscore delete (ex. demoproject_delete), to display the status of the delete process in the **Task History** section at the center.

Once the task has reached **COMPLETED** status, the project would be successfully deleted.

<a name="deleting-a-project-version"></a>
### Deleting a project version

To delete a specific version of the project, click **Projects** in the navigator, select the version you want to delete and click on delete option. 

![Project version delete](/images/zementis/mlw-app-project-version-delete.png)

> Click **Tasks** in the navigator and click the respective task name, which in this case is the project name underscore version underscore version number underscore delete (ex. demoproject_version_v1_delete), to display the status of the delete process in the **Task History** section at the center.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click **Tasks** in the navigator and click the respective task name, which in this case is the project name underscore version underscore version number underscore delete (for example, demoproject_version_v1_delete), to display the status of the delete process in the **Task History** section at the center.
```

> Click **Tasks** in the navigator and click the respective task name, which in this case is the project name underscore version underscore version number underscore delete (for example, demoproject_version_v1_delete), to display the status of the delete process in the **Task History** section at the center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click **Tasks** in the navigator and click the respective task name, which in this case is "project name underscore version underscore version number underscore delete" (for example, demoproject_version_v1_delete), to display the status of the delete process in the **Task History** section at the center.
```

> Once the task has reached **COMPLETED** status, the project version would be successfully deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the task has reached **COMPLETED** status, the project version will be successfully deleted.
```

<a name="deleting-multiple-projects"></a>
### Deleting multiple projects

> To delete multiple projects, click **Projects** in the navigator, then click **Bulk Actions** <img src="/images/zementis/mlw-bulk-actions-icon.png" alt="Bulk Actions" style="display:inline-block; margin:0"> on top right. Select the projects you want to delete and click **Delete**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To delete multiple projects, click **Projects** in the navigator, then click **Bulk Actions** <img src="/images/zementis/mlw-bulk-actions-icon.png" alt="Bulk Actions" style="display:inline-block; margin:0"> at the top right. Select the projects you want to delete and click **Delete**. 
```

> To delete multiple projects, click **Projects** in the navigator, then click on Bulk Actions option <img src="/images/zementis/mlw-bulk-actions-icon.png" alt="Bulk Actions" style="display:inline-block; margin:0"> on top right. select the projects you want to delete and click on delete option. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To delete multiple projects, click **Projects** in the navigator, then click **Bulk Actions** <img src="/images/zementis/mlw-bulk-actions-icon.png" alt="Bulk Actions" style="display:inline-block; margin:0"> on top right. Select the projects you want to delete and click **Delete**. 
```

![Project delete](/images/zementis/mlw-app-multi-project-delete.png)

> Click **Tasks** in the navigator and click the respective task names for each deleted project, which in this case is the project name underscore delete (ex. demoproject_delete), to display the status of the delete process in the **Task History** section at the center.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click **Tasks** in the navigator and click the respective task names for each deleted project, which in this case is the project name underscore delete (for example, demoproject_delete), to display the status of the delete process in the **Task History** section at the center.
```

> Click **Tasks** in the navigator and click the respective task names for each deleted project, which in this case is the project name underscore delete (for example, demoproject_delete), to display the status of the delete process in the **Task History** section at the center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click **Tasks** in the navigator and click the respective task names for each deleted project, which in this case is "project name underscore delete" (for example, demoproject_delete), to display the status of the delete process in the **Task History** section at the center.
```

> Once the task has reached **COMPLETED** status, the project version would be successfully deleted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the task has reached **COMPLETED** status, the project version is successfully deleted.
```

> Note, to delete a project or a specific project will fail with a notification if there is any ongoing task associated with the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, that deleting a project or a specific project version will fail with a notification if there is any ongoing task associated with the project.
```

> Please note, project or specific project delete will fail with a notification if there is any ongoing task associated with the project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note, to delete a project or a specific project will fail with a notification if there is any ongoing task associated with the project.
```

<a name="Task-grouping-and-deletion"></a>
### Task grouping and deletion

> Project tasks are grouped separately for each projects. To see tasks associated with a project click **Tasks** in the navigator, and then select the project to see all its tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Project tasks are grouped separately for each project. To see tasks associated with a project click **Tasks** in the navigator, and then select the project to see all its tasks.
```

> Project tasks are grouped separately for each projects. To see tasks associated with a project click **Tasks** in the navigator, and then choose the project to see all its tasks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Project tasks are grouped separately for each projects. To see tasks associated with a project click **Tasks** in the navigator, and then select the project to see all its tasks.
```

> To delete task(s), click **Tasks** in the navigator, select the project to display associated tasks. Select the task(s) and click the delete icon in the top right corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To delete task(s), click **Tasks** in the navigator and select the project to display its associated tasks. Select the task(s) and click the delete icon at the top right.
```

> To delete task(s), click **Tasks** in the navigator, select the project to display associated tasks. Select the task(s), a delete icon will appear on top right corner. Click on this delete icon to delete selected task(s). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To delete task(s), click **Tasks** in the navigator, select the project to display associated tasks. Select the task(s) and click the delete icon in the top right corner.
